Raw ERA5 data automatically downloading on a cron. (#36)
google-research/arco-era5: raw/README.md

3. Repeat this process, except change the dataset to `pcp`:
   ```
   export DATASET=pcp
   ```

## Downloading raw data from Copernicus automatically on monthly basis using of [Cloud-Run](https://cloud.google.com/run) 

All data can be ingested from [Copernicus](https://cds.climate.copernicus.eu/#!/home) with `google-weather-tools`,
specifically `weather-dl` (see [weather-tools.readthedocs.io](https://weather-tools.readthedocs.io/)).

_Pre-requisites_:

> 1. Set up a cloud project with sufficient permissions to use cloud storage (such as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set up a Cloud project with sufficient permissions to use cloud storage (such as
```

   [GCS](https://cloud.google.com/storage)) and a Beam runner (such as [Dataflow](https://cloud.google.com/dataflow)).
   > Note: Other cloud systems should work too, such as S3 and Elastic Map Reduce. However, these are untested. If you
   > experience an error here, please let us know by [filing an issue](https://github.com/google/weather-tools/issues).

2. Acquire one or more licenses from [Copernicus](https://cds.climate.copernicus.eu/user/register?destination=/api-how-to).
   > Recommended: Download configs allow users to specify multiple API keys in a single data request via
   > ["parameter subsections"](https://weather-tools.readthedocs.io/en/latest/Configuration.html#subsections). We
   > highly recommend that institutions pool licenses together for faster downloads.

3. Create a docker image from the docker file of the [current directory](https://github.com/google-research/arco-era5/tree/main/raw) and push that image in the [GCR](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry).

>    > Note: This command will complete the above step. : gcloud builds submit . --tag "gcr.io/PROJECT_NAME/REPOSITORY_NAME:TAG"

Reviewer 2: Please add this link here: https://github.com/google/weather-tools/blob/main/Runtime-Container.md.

> 4. Add the all licenses of the cds in the [secret-manager](https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager) with secret value likes this dict: {"api_url": "URL", "api_key": "KEY"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Add the all CDS licenses into the [secret-manager](https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager) with value likes this: {"api_url": "URL", "api_key": "KEY"}
```

>    > NOTE: for every API_key there must be unique secret-key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > NOTE: for every API_KEY there must be unique secret-key.
```

5. Create a new job in [Cloud-Run](https://cloud.google.com/run) using of the above docker image with this **ENV** variables.
   * PROJECT 
   * REGION
   * BUCKET
   * SDK_CONTAINER_IMAGE
   * MANIFEST_LOCATION

>    * API_KEY_*

Reviewer: Wrap these in '`'
